Update opcodes to reflect removal of length-prefixed FlexSym structs (#310)
amazon-ion/ion-docs: src/binary-encoding.adoc

dense, but offers writers significant flexibility over whether and when field names are added to the
symbol table.

All length-prefixed structs begin as structs with symbol address field names.

> However, they can be switched to use `FlexSym` field names at any time by emitting the SID `$0` in the field name position. Once a struct has been switched to the `FlexSym` field name encoding, it cannot be switch back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, they can be switched to use `FlexSym` field names at any time by emitting the FlexUInt 0 (the byte `0x01`) in the field name position. Once a struct has been switched to the `FlexSym` field name encoding, it cannot be switch back.
```

I don't want to cause confusion by referring to SID 0, since the field name $0 need not actually occur in a struct that has switched field name encodings.
